[b]Chapter 3: Big Dogs[/b]
*line_break
*line_break
You sit on the couch while your Dad sits in his comfy chair. Dad has his pack of beers ready, he throws you one. You easily catch it out of the air. Your Dad is slightly impressed. Soon the fights start. 
Up first is is a gorgeous brunette with tan alabaster skin. Alison Ryan. She has long curly dark chocolate brown hair. She is sixteen years old. You say to yourself that she is maybe the sexiest girl you have ever seen. She is dressed in a leather dress that stops at her thighs. It is tight around her slim body. You see that her eyes are hazel-brown. Her eyes mesmerize you. Her tattoos are not visible, you wonder where they are. You swear you have seen her before, you just can't remember where. 
You're a little happy you didn't go to the bar. There would be guys whistling and looking at Alison hungrily. Making you jealous, irritating you to no end. Your Dad simply shifts in his seat. 

" I'll say one thing about that Alison Ryan. Her pretty face may be nothing but an unecessary distraction but she does know how to handle herself," Dad says, giving his version of a compliment. 
" Yeah she is pretty good," you agree. 
*page_break
Alison prepares to fight a Verl'ak prisoner. The Verl'ak Verl'aks are human-like aliens. But if one looks closely, they don't look like humans. They have gills on their face and neck. Their eyes are all black, no pupils. They have ragged teeth like a great white shark's teeth. Pale skin that sends a chill up your spine even through a tv screen. You drink some of the beer. Your Dad scoffs. 

" Those Verl'ak are some ugly son of bitches but we could take em (name.). Easy," he assures. 

lison and the large Verl'ak wait for the signal to start from the Leader of the Enyeta. You make sure to pay attention, because he rules everything. you see a human but not one you have ever seen. He is a completely different human. 
He has light colored skin. His eyes are an odd bright blue. They maybe cybernetics implants. He is handsome and holds himself with grace and authority. He has short silvery-grey hair, combed and styled with gel in a pompadour.
His face is clean shaven and hanging from his mouth is a cigar. He looks at you amused. Behind him is are two guard of G'lan. Though they stand to the back of the balcony. Behind him is as seventeen year old boy with platinum blonde hair. It is cut short showing his strong and handsome facial features. He is muscular and lean wearing roman-like armor. He has a sword on his left side, he is right handed then. He has a flowing red cape behind his armor, holding himself as regally as the Leader of the Enyeta. They look alike in the
face, it maybe his son. 
The Leader of the Enyeta stands up and lifts his right arm. He shouts," Begin!" 
*page_break
The crowd around the coliseum, cheers loudly. You can hear it through the sound system. The Verl'ak charges Alison, who stands calmly and removes a arrow from her quiver. She aims her bow, pulls back, then releases. Her arrow shoots through the air right into the knee of the Verl'ak. His black blood spurts out of his knee. He stops running, falling on his wounded knee. Alison releases another arrow into the Verl'ak's left shoulder, he sags and drops his sword. Alison releases one more arrow into his left knee, her arrow goes right through his knee. Everyone in the bar and the coliseum shout and cheer. Alison smiles and takes out her gladius sword with her right hand, putting her bow in the quiver. 
Alison approaches the wounded and bleeding, kneeling Verl'ak, his black blood soaked armor quite a sight. Alison swings her gladius sword through the Verl'ak's strong neck with force you didn't know she had. Black blood sprays over Alison and the sands of the arena. Alison wipes her face with her left arm gauntlet. The headless. body of the Verl'ak falls over limply onto the ground. Mike and the rest of the bar cheer louder than the damn crowd. 

" Alison Ryan is fast. Verl'ak didn't stand a chance. Can't wait to see what Colt does," your Dad gushes. 

Ah yes how could you forget the Undefeated Olympian Colt Michaels. You don't know why but there is something you don't like about Colt. You should like him even though he makes your District proud. Your Dad sure does love him, he always goes on and on about how great of a warrior Colt Michaels is. He is about to do it again. 
Your Dad talks about Colt, his life story and how at 14 years old Colt was already ready for the arena.
*page_break
Colt is a L'oik fighter, the Leader of the Enyeta loves Colt. That is one of his favorite L'oik. The Leader is quite proud of him and Alison too. She is a success like no other as well.
Colt Michaels is a handsome and muscular boy with brown. His brown hair is cropped short, cut very close. He has blue eyes, they glow bright when a L'oik is angry or using their powers. His skin is tan and his muscular body is covered in black tribal L'oik tattoos. They are said to glow when a L'oik uses his powers. He is wearing heavy armor, and a large grill visor helmet with a red plum. On the side of it is an ox, he is carrying a long rectangular shield with an ox on it. Representing the Olympic District. The padding around his arms and legs was thick. 
Colt is going against two Larken twin boys. Each of them are tall, though one has a spear. The other has a sword an shield. 

Colt and the Larken twins wait for the Leader's signal. Once he gives the signal, Colt waits on the Larken twins to attack him first. The twins attack him at the same time, hoping to double team him. But Colt is ready. 
He blocks one of them with his large shield then slashes his sword at the other. It makes contact against his chest. Blood sprays from it, Colt then thrusts his sword into his chest. The crowd and Mike cheers Colt on. 
Colt bashes the other Larken twin with his shield. The twin keeps his footing but doesn't recover fast enough. Colt swings his sword three times against his chest, neck, and leg killing the boy instantly. The crowd roars for Colt's victory. Even your Dad gets excited. 
So excited he decides to start your morning workout early. Your Dad takes you outside and makes you lift weights, run a few miles, and gives you a few boxing lessons all until 4 in the morning. 
Isn't your Dad the best?
*goto_scene present